app/vmalert: chore: log when response is partial (#8522)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup/), [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmrestore/), [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager/): improve resilience to network issues by retrying requests failing due to `IncompleteBody`. Previously, such requests were not retried and leaded to restore/backup process failure. See [this PR](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8547) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): move legend customization settings, such as `Hide common labels` and `Table view`, closer to the legend area. This change should improve UX and make it easier for users to adjust legend visualization. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8031)

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): include `isPartial` info into debug logs for alerting & recording rules evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): Add `debug` option for [group](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/#groups) and [recording rule](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/#recording-rules), and expose `isPartial` information in debug logs if the `-datasource.url` supports it.
```
